!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
ADVERBS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^#define ADVERBS_H$/;"	d
API_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^#define API_H_$/;"	d
BAD_INDEX_TYPE	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define BAD_INDEX_TYPE /;"	d
BAD_INITIALIZATION	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define BAD_INITIALIZATION /;"	d
BAD_OPERATION	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define BAD_OPERATION /;"	d
BAD_STORAGE	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define BAD_STORAGE /;"	d
CHARACTER_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.h	/^#define CHARACTER_H$/;"	d
CONDITIONAL_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/conditional.h	/^#define CONDITIONAL_H$/;"	d
CONJUNCTIONS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.h	/^#define CONJUNCTIONS_H$/;"	d
Character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.h	/^class Character$/;"	c
Conditional	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/conditional.h	/^class Conditional$/;"	c
Conjunction	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.h	/^class Conjunction$/;"	c
Conjunctions	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.h	/^class Conjunctions$/;"	c
CppValue	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^class CppValue$/;"	c
DICTIONARY_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.h	/^#define DICTIONARY_H$/;"	d
DIVISION_BY_ZERO	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define DIVISION_BY_ZERO /;"	d
Dictionary	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.h	/^class Dictionary$/;"	c
Dyad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^class Dyad$/;"	c
DyadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^class DyadicAdverb$/;"	c
DyadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class DyadicAdverbs$/;"	c
DyadicEffect	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^class DyadicEffect$/;"	c
Dyads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class Dyads$/;"	c
EFFECTS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^#define EFFECTS_H$/;"	d
EFFECTS_PROVIDER_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects_provider.h	/^#define EFFECTS_PROVIDER_H$/;"	d
EFFECT_SYMBOLS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effect_symbols.h	/^#define EFFECT_SYMBOLS_H$/;"	d
EMPTY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define EMPTY /;"	d
ERROR_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define ERROR_H_$/;"	d
EXPRESSION_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/expression.h	/^#define EXPRESSION_H$/;"	d
EffectsProvider	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects_provider.h	/^class EffectsProvider$/;"	c
Error	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^class Error$/;"	c
EvalRegister	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    EvalRegister() : i(Word::make(0, NounType::INTEGER)), r(std::nullopt) {}$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
EvalRegister	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    explicit EvalRegister(const Storage& i) : i(i), r(std::nullopt) {}$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
EvalRegister	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^class EvalRegister$/;"	c
Expression	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/expression.h	/^class Expression$/;"	c
INTEGER_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.h	/^#define INTEGER_H$/;"	d
INVALID_ADVERB_ARGUMENT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define INVALID_ADVERB_ARGUMENT /;"	d
INVALID_ARGUMENT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define INVALID_ARGUMENT /;"	d
IOSTREAMCONNECTION_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamConnection.h	/^#define IOSTREAMCONNECTION_H$/;"	d
IOSTREAMSTORAGECONNECTION_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.h	/^#define IOSTREAMSTORAGECONNECTION_H$/;"	d
BIGNUMBER_CPP_BIGNUMBER_CPP_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/bignumber-cpp.h	/^#define BIGNUMBER_CPP_BIGNUMBER_CPP_H$/;"	d
Integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.h	/^class Integer$/;"	c
IostreamConnection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamConnection.h	/^    IostreamConnection() {}$/;"	f	class:IostreamConnection
IostreamConnection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamConnection.h	/^class IostreamConnection : public Connection$/;"	c
IostreamStorageConnection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.h	/^    explicit IostreamStorageConnection(const IostreamConnection &reliable) : reliable(reliable) {}$/;"	f	class:IostreamStorageConnection
IostreamStorageConnection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.h	/^class IostreamStorageConnection : public IostreamConnection$/;"	c
BignumberMain	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/BignumberMain.cpp	/^BignumberMain::BignumberMain() : conn(IostreamStorageConnection::make()), eval_register(EvalRegister()), effects_register(EffectsProvider())$/;"	f	class:BignumberMain
BignumberMain	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/BignumberMain.h	/^class BignumberMain$/;"	c
BignumberString	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.h	/^class BignumberString$/;"	c
LENS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.h	/^#define LENS_H$/;"	d
LIST_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.h	/^#define LIST_H$/;"	d
LOG_SYMBOLS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^#define LOG_SYMBOLS_H$/;"	d
Lens	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.h	/^class Lens$/;"	c
Levels	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^    class Levels$/;"	c	class:Log
List	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.h	/^class List$/;"	c
Log	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^class Log$/;"	c
Log	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^class Log$/;"	c
MAIN_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/BignumberMain.h	/^#define MAIN_H$/;"	d
MAXIMUM_ITERATIONS	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define MAXIMUM_ITERATIONS /;"	d
Monad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^class Monad$/;"	c
MonadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^class MonadicAdverb$/;"	c
MonadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class MonadicAdverbs$/;"	c
MonadicEffect	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^class MonadicEffect$/;"	c
Monads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class Monads$/;"	c
NOUNS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/nouns.h	/^#define NOUNS_H$/;"	d
NOUN_FROM_CONN	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^#define NOUN_FROM_CONN(/;"	d
NOUN_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^#define NOUN_H_$/;"	d
NOUN_TO_BYTES	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^#define NOUN_TO_BYTES(/;"	d
NOUN_TO_CONN	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^#define NOUN_TO_CONN(/;"	d
NiladicEffect	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^class NiladicEffect$/;"	c
Noun	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^class Noun$/;"	c
OUT_OF_BOUNDS	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define OUT_OF_BOUNDS /;"	d
Object	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^class Object$/;"	c
QUOTED_SYMBOL_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/quoted_symbol.h	/^#define QUOTED_SYMBOL_H$/;"	d
QuotedSymbol	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/quoted_symbol.h	/^class QuotedSymbol$/;"	c
RANDOM_SYMBOLS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/random/random_symbols.h	/^#define RANDOM_SYMBOLS_H$/;"	d
REAL_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.h	/^#define REAL_H$/;"	d
REGISTER_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^#define REGISTER_H_$/;"	d
RELATION_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^#define RELATION_H$/;"	d
RELATION_SYMBOLS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^#define RELATION_SYMBOLS_H$/;"	d
Random	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.h	/^class Random$/;"	c
Real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.h	/^class Real$/;"	c
SHAPE_MISMATCH	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define SHAPE_MISMATCH /;"	d
STATE_SYMBOLS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/state/state_symbols.h	/^#define STATE_SYMBOLS_H$/;"	d
STRING_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.h	/^#define STRING_H$/;"	d
SYMBOLS_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^#define SYMBOLS_H_$/;"	d
SYMBOL_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.h	/^#define SYMBOL_H$/;"	d
State	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.h	/^class State$/;"	c
Symbol	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.h	/^class Symbol$/;"	c
TESTING_EFFECTS_PROVIDER_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/testing_effects_provider.h	/^#define TESTING_EFFECTS_PROVIDER_H$/;"	d
TESTING_LOG_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^#define TESTING_LOG_H$/;"	d
TESTING_RANDOM_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.h	/^#define TESTING_RANDOM_H$/;"	d
TESTING_STATE_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.h	/^#define TESTING_STATE_H$/;"	d
TEST_ERROR	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define TEST_ERROR /;"	d
Table	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Log::Table::Table(const Table *x)$/;"	f	class:Log::Table
Table	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Log::Table::Table(const mixed& names)$/;"	f	class:Log::Table
Table	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^    class Table$/;"	c	class:Log
TestingEffectsProvider	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/testing_effects_provider.cpp	/^TestingEffectsProvider::TestingEffectsProvider()$/;"	f	class:TestingEffectsProvider
TestingEffectsProvider	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/testing_effects_provider.h	/^class TestingEffectsProvider : public EffectsProvider$/;"	c
Triads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class Triads$/;"	c
UNEQUAL_ARRAY_LENGTHS	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define UNEQUAL_ARRAY_LENGTHS /;"	d
UNKNOWN_KEY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define UNKNOWN_KEY /;"	d
UNSUPPORTED_OBJECT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define UNSUPPORTED_OBJECT /;"	d
UNSUPPORTED_SUBJECT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^#define UNSUPPORTED_SUBJECT /;"	d
VERBS_H	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^#define VERBS_H$/;"	d
all_floats	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^bool CppValue::all_floats(const cppValues& values)$/;"	f	class:CppValue
all_ints	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^bool CppValue::all_ints(const cppValues& values)$/;"	f	class:CppValue
amend	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int amend = 22;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
amend	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage amend = Dyad::make(Dyads::amend);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
append	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::append(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
append_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::append_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
append_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::append_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
append_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::append_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
applyDyad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int applyDyad = 51;$/;"	m	class:Triads
applyMonad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int applyMonad = 49;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
asciiToUTF32	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^ints Symbol::asciiToUTF32(const std::string& ascii)$/;"	f	class:Symbol
atom	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int atom = 0;$/;"	m	class:Monads
atom	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage atom = Monad::make(Monads::atom);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
atom_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::atom_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
atom_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::atom_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
bad_index_type	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int bad_index_type = BAD_INDEX_TYPE;$/;"	m	class:Error
bad_initialization	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int bad_initialization = BAD_INITIALIZATION;$/;"	m	class:Error
bad_operation	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int bad_operation = BAD_OPERATION;$/;"	m	class:Error
bad_storage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int bad_storage = BAD_STORAGE;$/;"	m	class:Error
because	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int because = 72;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
bind	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int bind = 71;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
causes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int causes = 69;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
causing	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  inline Storage causing = Word::make(SymbolType::causing, NounType::BUILTIN_SYMBOL);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
char_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::char_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
char_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::char_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
code	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    int code;$/;"	m	class:Error
code_to_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^std::string code_to_string(const int code)$/;"	f
columnSize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^        int columnSize = 0;$/;"	m	class:Log::Table
columns	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^        std::vector<mixed> columns = {};$/;"	m	class:Log::Table
conjunctions	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization1, ConjunctionFunction> Noun::conjunctions;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
conjunctions	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization1, ConjunctionFunction> conjunctions;$/;"	m	class:Noun
conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/BignumberMain.h	/^    IostreamStorageConnection conn;$/;"	m	class:BignumberMain
converge	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage converge = MonadicAdverb::make(MonadicAdverbs::converge);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
converge	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int converge = 52;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
converge_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::converge_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
copyTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage copyTable = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::copyTable);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
copyTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::copyTable(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
copyTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int copyTable = 1;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
count	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int count = 18;$/;"	m	class:Monads
cppValue	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  cppValue() : cppValueVariant(std::vector<cppValue>()) {} \/\/ NOLINT, don't mark as explicit because we want an implicit conversion even if clang-tidy doesn't like that$/;"	f	struct:cppValue
cppValue	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  cppValue(std::initializer_list<cppValue> values) : cppValueVariant(std::vector<cppValue>(values)) {} \/\/ NOLINT, don't mark as explicit because we want an implicit conversion even if clang-tidy doesn't like that$/;"	f	struct:cppValue
cppValue	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^struct cppValue : cppValueVariant$/;"	s
critical	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage critical = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::critical);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
critical	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int critical = 3;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
critical	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^        static constexpr int critical = 0;$/;"	m	class:Log::Levels
critical_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::critical_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
crossProduct	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage crossProduct = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::crossProduct);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
crossProduct	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::crossProduct(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
crossProduct	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int crossProduct = 10;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
cut	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int cut = 23;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
cut	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage cut = Dyad::make(Dyads::cut);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
cut_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::cut_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
cut_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::cut_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
cut_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::cut_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
cut_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::cut_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
cut_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::cut_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
deal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage deal = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::random, effects::random::deal);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
deal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/random/random_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int deal = 4;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::random
deal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.cpp	/^Storage Random::deal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Random
debug	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage debug = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::debug);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
debug	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int debug = 7;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
debug	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^        static constexpr int debug = 4;$/;"	m	class:Log::Levels
debug_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::debug_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
difference	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage difference = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::difference);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
difference	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::difference(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
difference	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int difference = 8;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
dispatchConjunction	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchConjunction(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchDyad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchDyad(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchDyadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchDyadicAdverb(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchDyadicEffect	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchDyadicEffect(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchMonad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchMonad(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchMonadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchMonadicAdverb(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchMonadicEffect	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchMonadicEffect(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchNilad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchNilad(const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchNiladicEffect	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchNiladicEffect(const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchTriad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchTriad(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x, const Storage& y)$/;"	f	class:Noun
divide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int divide = 24;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
divide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage divide = Dyad::make(Dyads::divide);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
divide_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
division_by_zero	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int division_by_zero = DIVISION_BY_ZERO;$/;"	m	class:Error
drop	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int drop = 25;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
drop	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage drop = Dyad::make(Dyads::drop);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
drop_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::drop_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
dyadSinks	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, DyadicSourceFunction> dyadSinks;$/;"	m	class:Noun
dyadSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization5, DyadicSourceFunction> Noun::dyadSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
dyadSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, DyadicSourceFunction> dyadSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun
dyadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization5, DyadicAdverbFunction> Noun::dyadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
dyadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, DyadicAdverbFunction> dyadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun
e	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^Storage e(Args&&... values)$/;"	f
each	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage each = MonadicAdverb::make(MonadicAdverbs::each);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
each	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int each = 53;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
each2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage each2 = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::each2);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
each2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int each2 = 58;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
each2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::each2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
eachLeft	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage eachLeft = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::eachLeft);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
eachLeft	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int eachLeft = 59;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
eachLeft_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::eachLeft_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
eachPair	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage eachPair = MonadicAdverb::make(MonadicAdverbs::eachPair);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
eachPair	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int eachPair = 54;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
eachPair_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::eachPair_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
eachPair_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::eachPair_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
eachPair_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::eachPair_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
eachRight	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage eachRight = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::eachRight);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
eachRight	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int eachRight = 60;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
eachRight_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::eachRight_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
each_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::each_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
each_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::each_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
each_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::each_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
each_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::each_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
effects_register	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/BignumberMain.h	/^    EffectsProvider effects_register;$/;"	m	class:BignumberMain
effects_register	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    EffectsProvider* effects_register = nullptr;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
empty	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int empty = EMPTY;$/;"	m	class:Error
enclose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int enclose = 3;$/;"	m	class:Monads
enclose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage enclose = Monad::make(Monads::enclose);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
enclose2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::enclose2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::enclose_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Character
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::enclose_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::enclose_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::enclose_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
enumerate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int enumerate = 4;$/;"	m	class:Monads
enumerate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage enumerate = Monad::make(Monads::enumerate);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
enumerate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::enumerate_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
equal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int equal = 26;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
equal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage equal = Dyad::make(Dyads::equal);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
erase	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int erase = 20;$/;"	m	class:Monads
erase	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage erase = Monad::make(Monads::erase);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
error	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage error = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::error);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
error	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int error = 4;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
error	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^        static constexpr int error = 1;$/;"	m	class:Log::Levels
error_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::error_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
error_to_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^std::string error_to_string(const Storage &error)$/;"	f
eval	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage eval(const mixed& e)$/;"	f
eval	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> EvalRegister::eval(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
eval	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::eval()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
evalExpression	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage evalExpression(const Storage& values)$/;"	f
evalExpression	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^cppValue evalExpression(const cppValues& values)$/;"	f
evalNoun	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^cppValue evalNoun(const cppValue& i)$/;"	f
eval_register	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/BignumberMain.h	/^    EvalRegister eval_register;$/;"	m	class:BignumberMain
evaluate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int evaluate = 19;$/;"	m	class:Monads
evaluate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage evaluate = Monad::make(Monads::evaluate);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
evaluate_expression	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::evaluate_expression(const Storage& e) \/\/ NOLINT$/;"	f	class:Noun
evaluate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/conditional.cpp	/^Storage Conditional::evaluate_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Conditional
evaluate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^Storage Symbol::evaluate_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Symbol
expand	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int expand = 27;$/;"	m	class:Monads
expand	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage expand = Monad::make(Monads::expand);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
expand_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::expand_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
expand_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::expand_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
f	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^cppValue CppValue::f = 0;$/;"	m	class:CppValue	file:
f	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^    static cppValue f;$/;"	m	class:CppValue
f	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  inline Storage f = Word::make(SymbolType::f, NounType::BUILTIN_SYMBOL);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
false0	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::false0() {$/;"	f	class:Noun
false1	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::false1(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
false2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::false2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
families	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effect_symbols.h	/^namespace effects::families$/;"	n	class:effects
fetch_i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^Storage EvalRegister::fetch_i()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
fetch_r	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> EvalRegister::fetch_r()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
find	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int find = 28;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
find	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage find = Dyad::make(Dyads::find);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
findTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Log::Table *Log::findTable(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
find_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::find_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
find_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::find_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
find_integers_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::find_integers_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_integers_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::find_integers_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::find_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_reals_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::find_reals_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_reals_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::find_reals_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::find_string(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
first	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int first = 5;$/;"	m	class:Monads
first	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage first = Monad::make(Monads::first);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
first_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::first_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
first_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::first_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
flatten	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage flatten = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::flatten);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
flatten	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::flatten(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
flatten	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int flatten = 3;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
floor	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int floor = 6;$/;"	m	class:Monads
floor	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage floor = Monad::make(Monads::floor);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
floor_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::floor_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
floor_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::floor_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
form	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int form = 29;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
form	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage form = Dyad::make(Dyads::form);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
form_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::form_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
form_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::form_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
form_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::form_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
form_quoted_symbol	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::form_quoted_symbol(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
form_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::form_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
format	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int format = 7;$/;"	m	class:Monads
format	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage format = Monad::make(Monads::format);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
format2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int format2 = 30;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
format2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage format2 = Dyad::make(Dyads::format2);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
format2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::format2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
format2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::format2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
format2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::format2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/quoted_symbol.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
free	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage free = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::freeTable);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
freeTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::freeTable(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
freeTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int freeTable = 2;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Character::from_bytes(const bytes& bs, const int t) {$/;"	f	class:Character
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Dictionary::from_bytes(const bytes& bs, const int t)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Integer::from_bytes(const bytes& bs, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> BignumberString::from_bytes(const bytes& bs, const int t) {$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> List::from_bytes(const bytes &bs, int t) {$/;"	f	class:List
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Noun::from_bytes(bytes x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Real::from_bytes(const bytes &bs, const int t) {$/;"	f	class:Real
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Character::from_conn(Connection& conn, const int t) {$/;"	f	class:Character
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Dictionary::from_conn(Connection& conn, const int t)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Integer::from_conn(Connection& conn, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> BignumberString::from_conn(Connection& conn, const int t) {$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> List::from_conn(Connection& conn, int t) {$/;"	f	class:List
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Noun::from_conn(Connection& conn) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Real::from_conn(Connection& conn, const int t) {$/;"	f	class:Real
from_cpp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage Object::from_cpp(const cppValue& i) \/\/ NOLINT$/;"	f	class:Object
from_cpp_expression	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage Object::from_cpp_expression(const cppValues& i)$/;"	f	class:Object
generator	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.cpp	/^std::mt19937 Random::generator; \/\/ NOLINT$/;"	m	class:Random	file:
generator	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.h	/^    static std::mt19937 generator;$/;"	m	class:Random
get	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage get =  NiladicEffect::make(effects::families::state, effects::state::get);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
get	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/state/state_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int get = 1;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::state
getEffectState	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::getEffectState()$/;"	f	class:Log
getEffectState	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.cpp	/^Storage State::getEffectState()$/;"	f	class:State
getEffectState	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/testing_effects_provider.cpp	/^Storage TestingEffectsProvider::getEffectState()$/;"	f	class:TestingEffectsProvider
getInteger	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^int getInteger(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getIntegers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^ints getIntegers(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getLogs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::getLogs()$/;"	f	class:Log
getLogs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^std::vector<std::tuple<Storage, Storage>> EvalRegister::getLogs()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
getMixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^mixed getMixed(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getReal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^float getReal(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getReals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^floats getReals(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getSize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^int getSize(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getTimestamps	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::getTimestamps()$/;"	f	class:Log
get_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.cpp	/^Storage State::get_impl()$/;"	f	class:State
gradeDown	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int gradeDown = 8;$/;"	m	class:Monads
gradeDown	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage gradeDown = Monad::make(Monads::gradeDown);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
gradeDown_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::gradeDown_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
gradeDown_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::gradeDown_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
gradeUp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int gradeUp = 9;$/;"	m	class:Monads
gradeUp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage gradeUp = Monad::make(Monads::gradeUp);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
gradeUp_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::gradeUp_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
gradeUp_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::gradeUp_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
group	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int group = 10;$/;"	m	class:Monads
group	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage group = Monad::make(Monads::group);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
group_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::group_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
group_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::group_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
hash	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^struct std::hash<std::vector<Storage>>$/;"	s	class:std
hash	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^struct std::hash<Error>$/;"	s	class:std
i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  inline Storage i = Word::make(SymbolType::i, NounType::BUILTIN_SYMBOL);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    Storage i;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
ichar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int ichar = 1;$/;"	m	class:Monads
ichar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage ichar = Monad::make(Monads::ichar);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
identity1	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::identity1(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Noun
identity2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::identity2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
index	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int index = 31;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
index	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage index = Dyad::make(Dyads::index);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
indexInDepth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int indexInDepth = 32;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
index_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::index_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
index_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::index_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
info	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage info = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::info);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
info	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int info = 6;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
info	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^        static constexpr int info = 3;$/;"	m	class:Log::Levels
info_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::info_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.cpp	/^void Conjunctions::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Conjunctions
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^void Log::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Log
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^void Log::initialize(EffectsProvider* effects_provider)$/;"	f	class:Log
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.cpp	/^void Random::initialize(EffectsProvider* effects_register)$/;"	f	class:Random
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.cpp	/^void State::initialize(EffectsProvider* effects_register)$/;"	f	class:State
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::initialize()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^void Character::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:Character
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/conditional.cpp	/^void Conditional::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Conditional
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^void Dictionary::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/expression.cpp	/^void Expression::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Expression
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^void Integer::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Integer
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^void BignumberString::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.cpp	/^void Lens::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Lens
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^void List::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:List
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Noun
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/quoted_symbol.cpp	/^void QuotedSymbol::initialize()$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^void Real::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:Real
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^void Symbol::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Symbol
inot	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int inot = 2;$/;"	m	class:Monads
inot	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage inot = Monad::make(Monads::inot);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
insert	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage insert = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::insert);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
insert	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::insert(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
insert	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int insert = 4;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
instance	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^maybe<EvalRegister> EvalRegister::instance = std::nullopt;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister	file:
instance	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    static maybe<EvalRegister> instance;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
integerDivide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int integerDivide = 33;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
integerDivide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage integerDivide = Dyad::make(Dyads::integerDivide);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
integerDivide_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::integerDivide_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
integerToString	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^std::unordered_map<int, ints> Symbol::integerToString;$/;"	m	class:Symbol	file:
integerToString	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.h	/^    static std::unordered_map<int, ints> integerToString;$/;"	m	class:Symbol
intersection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage intersection = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::intersection);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
intersection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::intersection(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
intersection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int intersection = 12;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
invalid_adverb_argument	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int invalid_adverb_argument = INVALID_ADVERB_ARGUMENT;$/;"	m	class:Error
invalid_argument	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int invalid_argument = INVALID_ARGUMENT;$/;"	m	class:Error
bignumber	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^namespace bignumber$/;"	n
bignumber	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^namespace bignumber$/;"	n
bignumber	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.h	/^namespace bignumber$/;"	n
bignumber	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^namespace bignumber \/\/ Effects$/;"	n
bignumber	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^namespace bignumber$/;"	n
isAtom	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^int isAtom(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
isNil	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^int isNil(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
iterate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage iterate = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::iterate);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
iterate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int iterate = 63;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
iterate_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::iterate_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
iunion	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage iunion = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::iunion);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
iunion	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::iunion(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
iunion	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int iunion = 6;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
join	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int join = 34;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
join	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage join = Dyad::make(Dyads::join);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
join_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::join_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
join_enclose_mix	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_enclose_mix(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::join_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
join_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::join_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_integers_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::join_integers_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::join_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
join_mix_enclose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mix_enclose(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_mix_left	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mix_left(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_mix_right	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mix_right(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::join_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::join_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
join_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::join_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_reals_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::join_reals_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_scalar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::join_scalar(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
join_scalar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_scalar(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::join_string(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
less	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int less = 35;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
less	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage less = Dyad::make(Dyads::less);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
less_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::less_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
less_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::less_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::less_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
less_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::less_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::less_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
less_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::less_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
less_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::less_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::less_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
less_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::less_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::less_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
less_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::less_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
level	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage level = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::level);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
level	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int level = 2;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
level_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::level_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
lift	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int lift = 68;$/;"	m	class:Monads
lift	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage lift = Monad::make(Monads::lift);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
load_i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::load_i(bytes data)$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
log	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effect_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int log = 1;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::families
log	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^namespace effects::log$/;"	n	class:effects
logLevel	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^int Log::logLevel;$/;"	m	class:Log	file:
logLevel	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^    static int logLevel;$/;"	m	class:Log
logs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^std::queue<Storage> Log::logs;$/;"	m	class:Log	file:
logs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^    static std::queue<Storage> logs;$/;"	m	class:Log
logs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    std::vector<std::tuple<Storage, Storage>> logs = std::vector<std::tuple<Storage, Storage>>();$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
loop	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/BignumberMain.cpp	/^void BignumberMain::loop()$/;"	f	class:BignumberMain
main	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/main.cpp	/^int main()$/;"	f
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.cpp	/^IostreamStorageConnection IostreamStorageConnection::make()$/;"	f	class:IostreamStorageConnection
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.cpp	/^Storage DyadicAdverb::make(const int i)$/;"	f	class:DyadicAdverb
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.cpp	/^Storage MonadicAdverb::make(const int i)$/;"	f	class:MonadicAdverb
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.cpp	/^Storage Conjunction::make(const int i)$/;"	f	class:Conjunction
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.cpp	/^Storage DyadicEffect::make(const int f, const int e)$/;"	f	class:DyadicEffect
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.cpp	/^Storage MonadicEffect::make(const int f, const int e)$/;"	f	class:MonadicEffect
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.cpp	/^Storage NiladicEffect::make(const int f, const int e)$/;"	f	class:NiladicEffect
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::make(const int i)$/;"	f	class:Character
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/conditional.cpp	/^Storage Conditional::make(const mixed &i)$/;"	f	class:Conditional
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::make(const mixed &i)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.cpp	/^Storage Error::make(const int i)$/;"	f	class:Error
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/expression.cpp	/^Storage Expression::make(const mixed& e)$/;"	f	class:Expression
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::make(int i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::make(uint64_t i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::make(ints i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.cpp	/^Storage Lens::make(const ints& i)$/;"	f	class:Lens
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.cpp	/^Storage Lens::make(const mixed& i)$/;"	f	class:Lens
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.cpp	/^Storage Lens::make(int i)$/;"	f	class:Lens
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/quoted_symbol.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::make(const ints &i)$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::make(const float i)$/;"	f	class:Real
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^Storage Symbol::make(int i)$/;"	f	class:Symbol
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.cpp	/^Storage Dyad::make(int i)$/;"	f	class:Dyad
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.cpp	/^Storage Monad::make(int i)$/;"	f	class:Monad
makeEmpty	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::makeEmpty()$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
makeEmpty	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::makeEmpty()$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
makeReference	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::Table::makeReference(const int id)$/;"	f	class:Log::Table
makeTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage makeTable = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::makeTable);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
makeTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::makeTable(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
makeTable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int makeTable = 0;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
match	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int match = 36;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
match	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage match = Dyad::make(Dyads::match);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int max = 37;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
max	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage max = Dyad::make(Dyads::max);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
max_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::max_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
max_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::max_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::max_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::max_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::max_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
max_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::max_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::max_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::max_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
max_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::max_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::max_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::max_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
maximumConvergeIterations	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^    static constexpr int maximumConvergeIterations = 1000;$/;"	m	class:Noun
maximum_iterations	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int maximum_iterations = MAXIMUM_ITERATIONS;$/;"	m	class:Error
min	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int min = 38;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
min	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage min = Dyad::make(Dyads::min);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
min_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::min_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
min_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::min_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::min_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
min_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::min_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::min_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
min_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::min_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
min_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::min_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::min_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
min_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::min_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::min_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
min_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::min_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int minus = 39;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
minus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage minus = Dyad::make(Dyads::minus);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
minus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::minus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
minus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::minus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
minus_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::minus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
minus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::minus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
minus_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::minus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
minus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::minus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
minus_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
mix	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::mix(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Noun
modify	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage modify = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::state, effects::state::modify);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
modify	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/state/state_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int modify = 3;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::state
modify_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.cpp	/^Storage State::modify_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:State
monadSinks	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization3, MonadicSourceFunction> monadSinks;$/;"	m	class:Noun
monadSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization3, MonadicSourceFunction> Noun::monadSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
monadSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization3, MonadicSourceFunction> monadSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun
monadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization3, MonadicAdverbFunction> Noun::monadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
monadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization3, MonadicAdverbFunction> monadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun
more	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int more = 40;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
more	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage more = Dyad::make(Dyads::more);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
more_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::more_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
more_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::more_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::more_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
more_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::more_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::more_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
more_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::more_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
more_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::more_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::more_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
more_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::more_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::more_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
more_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::more_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
mutate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int mutate = 74;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
mutate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.cpp	/^Storage Lens::mutate_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Lens
nameOrder	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^        std::vector<Storage> nameOrder;$/;"	m	class:Log::Table
nameSet	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^        std::unordered_map<Storage, int> nameSet;$/;"	m	class:Log::Table
negate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int negate = 11;$/;"	m	class:Monads
negate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage negate = Monad::make(Monads::negate);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
negate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::negate_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
negate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::negate_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
negate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::negate_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
nextId	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^int Log::Table::nextId = 1;$/;"	m	class:Log::Table	file:
nextId	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^        static int nextId;$/;"	m	class:Log::Table
nextIdStorage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::Table::nextIdStorage()$/;"	f	class:Log::Table
nil	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^const cppValue nil = {};$/;"	v
niladSinks	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization2, NiladicSourceFunction> niladSinks;$/;"	m	class:Noun
niladSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization1, NiladicSourceFunction> Noun::niladSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
niladSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization1, NiladicSourceFunction> niladSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
occurs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int occurs = 75;$/;"	m	class:Monads
occurs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage occurs = Monad::make(Monads::occurs);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
one	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::one()$/;"	f	class:Integer
one	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::one()$/;"	f	class:Real
operator ==	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  bool operator==(const cppValue& other) const$/;"	f	struct:cppValue
operator ==	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^bool operator==(const std::vector<T>& left, const std::vector<T>& right)$/;"	f
operator ==	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^operator==(const T& left, const cppValue& right) {$/;"	f
operator ==	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^operator==(const cppValue& left, const T& right) {$/;"	f
operator ==	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    bool operator==(const Error& rhs) const$/;"	f	class:Error
other	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    EvalRegister(const EvalRegister& other) = default;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
out_of_bounds	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int out_of_bounds = OUT_OF_BOUNDS;$/;"	m	class:Error
over	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage over = MonadicAdverb::make(MonadicAdverbs::over);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
over	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int over = 55;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
overNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage overNeutral = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::overNeutral);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
overNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int overNeutral = 61;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
overNeutral_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::overNeutral_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
over_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::over_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
over_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::over_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
over_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::over_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
plus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int plus = 41;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
plus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage plus = Dyad::make(Dyads::plus);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
plus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::plus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
plus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::plus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
plus_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::plus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
plus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::plus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
plus_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::plus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
plus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::plus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
plus_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int power = 42;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
power	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage power = Dyad::make(Dyads::power);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
power_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::power_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
power_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::power_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::power_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
power_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::power_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::power_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
power_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::power_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
power_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::power_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::power_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
power_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::power_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::power_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
power_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::power_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
prepend	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::prepend(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
prepend_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::prepend_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
prepend_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::prepend_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
prepend_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::prepend_string(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
prepend_to_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::prepend_to_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
prepend_to_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::prepend_to_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
printLog	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::printLog(Storage li, Storage lr)$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
printLogs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::printLogs()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
project	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage project = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::project);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
project	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::project(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
project	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int project = 7;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
put	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage put = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::state, effects::state::put);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
put	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/state/state_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int put = 2;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::state
put_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.cpp	/^Storage State::put_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:State
r	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.h	/^    maybe<Storage> r;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
random	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effect_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int random = 3;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::families
random	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage random = NiladicEffect::make(effects::families::random, effects::random::random);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
random	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/random/random_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int random = 1;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::random
random	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/random/random_symbols.h	/^namespace effects::random$/;"	n	class:effects
random_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.cpp	/^Storage Random::random_impl()$/;"	f	class:Random
read	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamConnection.cpp	/^bytes IostreamConnection::read(int size) const$/;"	f	class:IostreamConnection
readOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamConnection.cpp	/^char IostreamConnection::readOne() const$/;"	f	class:IostreamConnection
read_storage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> IostreamStorageConnection::read_storage()$/;"	f	class:IostreamStorageConnection
reciprocal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int reciprocal = 12;$/;"	m	class:Monads
reciprocal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage reciprocal = Monad::make(Monads::reciprocal);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
reciprocal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reciprocal_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
reciprocal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::reciprocal_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
reciprocal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::reciprocal_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
registerConjunction	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerConjunction(Type f, Storage (*c)(const Storage&, const Storage&))$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerDyad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerDyad(Type it, Type io, Type f, Type xt, Type xo, Storage (*d)(const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerDyadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerDyadicAdverb(Type it, Type io, Type f, Type xt, Type xo, Storage (*a)(const Storage&, const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerEffectsProvider	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::registerEffectsProvider(EffectsProvider& provider)$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
registerMonad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerMonad(Type it, Type io, Type f, Storage (*m)(const Storage&))$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerMonadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerMonadicAdverb(Type it, Type io, Type f, Storage (*a)(const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerNilad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerNilad(Type f, Storage (*m)())$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerTriad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerTriad(Type it, Type io, Type f, Type xt, Type xo, Storage (*t)(const Storage&, const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
relation	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effect_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int relation = 2;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::families
relation	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^namespace effects::relation$/;"	n	class:effects
reliable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.h	/^    IostreamConnection reliable;$/;"	m	class:IostreamStorageConnection
remainder	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int remainder = 43;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
remainder	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage remainder = Dyad::make(Dyads::remainder);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
remainder_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::remainder_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
remainder_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::remainder_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
remainder_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::remainder_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
remainder_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::remainder_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
remainder_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::remainder_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
remainder_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::remainder_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
remove	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage remove = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::remove);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
remove	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::remove(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
remove	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int remove = 5;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
rename	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage rename = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::rename);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
rename	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::rename(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
rename	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int rename = 9;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
reshape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int reshape = 44;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
reshape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage reshape = Dyad::make(Dyads::reshape);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
reshape_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reshape_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
reshape_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::reshape_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
reshape_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reshape_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
reshape_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::reshape_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
reshape_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reshape_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
reshape_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::reshape_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
restrict	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage restrict = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::relation, effects::relation::restrict);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
restrict	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^Storage Log::restrict(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Log
restrict	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int restrict = 11;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::relation
retrieve	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int retrieve = 73;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
retrieve_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/lens.cpp	/^Storage Lens::retrieve_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ NOLINT$/;"	f	class:Lens
retrieve_r	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> EvalRegister::retrieve_r() const$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
retype	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int retype = 50;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
reverse	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int reverse = 13;$/;"	m	class:Monads
reverse	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage reverse = Monad::make(Monads::reverse);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
reverse_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::reverse_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
reverse_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::reverse_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
roll	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage roll = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::random, effects::random::roll);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
roll	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/random/random_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int roll = 2;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::random
roll_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.cpp	/^Storage Random::roll_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Random
rolls	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage rolls = DyadicEffect::make(effects::families::random, effects::random::rolls);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
rolls	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/random/random_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int rolls = 3;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::random
rolls_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/random/random.cpp	/^Storage Random::rolls_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Random
rotate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int rotate = 45;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
rotate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage rotate = Dyad::make(Dyads::rotate);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
rotate_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::rotate_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
rotate_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::rotate_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
rowSize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^        int rowSize;$/;"	m	class:Log::Table
rows	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^        std::unordered_map<mixed, int> rows;$/;"	m	class:Log::Table
scanConverging	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage scanConverging = MonadicAdverb::make(MonadicAdverbs::scanConverging);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
scanConverging	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanConverging = 56;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
scanConverging_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanConverging_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
scanIterating	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage scanIterating = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::scanIterating);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
scanIterating	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanIterating = 66;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
scanIterating_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanIterating_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
scanOver	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage scanOver = MonadicAdverb::make(MonadicAdverbs::scanOver);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
scanOver	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanOver = 57;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
scanOverNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage scanOverNeutral = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::scanOverNeutral);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
scanOverNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanOverNeutral = 64;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
scanOverNeutral_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanOverNeutral_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
scanOver_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::scanOver_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
scanOver_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::scanOver_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
scanOver_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::scanOver_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
scanWhileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage scanWhileOne = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::scanWhileOne);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
scanWhileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanWhileOne = 65;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
scanWhileOne_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanWhileOne_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g)$/;"	f	class:Noun
shape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int shape = 14;$/;"	m	class:Monads
shape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage shape = Monad::make(Monads::shape);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
shape_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::shape_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
shape_mismatch	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int shape_mismatch = SHAPE_MISMATCH;$/;"	m	class:Error
shape_scalar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::shape_scalar(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Noun
simplify	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::simplify(const Storage& i) \/\/ NOLINT$/;"	f	class:Noun
size	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int size = 15;$/;"	m	class:Monads
size	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage size = Monad::make(Monads::size);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^Storage Character::size_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Character
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::size_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::size_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::size_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::size_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
split	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int split = 46;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
split	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage split = Dyad::make(Dyads::split);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
split_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::split_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
split_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::split_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
split_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::split_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
split_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::split_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
state	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effect_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int state = 4;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::families
state	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/state/state_symbols.h	/^namespace effects::state$/;"	n	class:effects
state	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> State::state;$/;"	m	class:State	file:
state	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/state/state.h	/^    static maybe<Storage> state;$/;"	m	class:State
store_i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/eval_register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::store_i(const Storage& newI)$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^std::string Error::string() const$/;"	f	class:Error
stringToInteger	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^std::unordered_map<ints, int> Symbol::stringToInteger;$/;"	m	class:Symbol	file:
stringToInteger	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.h	/^    static std::unordered_map<ints, int> stringToInteger;$/;"	m	class:Symbol
t	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^cppValue CppValue::t = 1;$/;"	m	class:CppValue	file:
t	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^    static cppValue t;$/;"	m	class:CppValue
tables	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.cpp	/^std::unordered_map<int, Log::Table*> Log::tables;$/;"	m	class:Log	file:
tables	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/relation/relation.h	/^    static std::unordered_map<int, Table*> tables;$/;"	m	class:Log
take	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int take = 47;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
take	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage take = Dyad::make(Dyads::take);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
take_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^Storage BignumberString::take_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
take_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::take_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
test_error	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage test_error()$/;"	f
test_error	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int test_error = TEST_ERROR;$/;"	m	class:Error
then	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.h	/^    static constexpr int then = 0;$/;"	m	class:Conjunctions
then	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.h	/^  inline Storage then = Conjunction::make(Conjunctions::then);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
then	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int then = 70;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
then_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/conjunctions/conjunctions.cpp	/^Storage Conjunctions::then_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Conjunctions
times	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int times = 48;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
times	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage times = Dyad::make(Dyads::times);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
times_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::times_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
times_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::times_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::times_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
times_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::times_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::times_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
times_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::times_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
times_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::times_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::times_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
times_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::times_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::times_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
times_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::times_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
timestamp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage timestamp = NiladicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::timestamp);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
timestamp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int timestamp = 1;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
timestamp_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::timestamp_impl()$/;"	f	class:Log
timestamps	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^ints Log::timestamps;$/;"	m	class:Log	file:
timestamps	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^    static ints timestamps;$/;"	m	class:Log
toUInt64	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^uint64_t* Integer::toUInt64(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Character::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Character
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Dictionary::to_bytes(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Integer::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> BignumberString::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> List::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^bytes Noun::to_bytes(const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Real::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/character.cpp	/^void Character::to_conn(Connection& conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Character
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/dictionary.cpp	/^void Dictionary::to_conn(Connection& conn, const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^void Integer::to_conn(Connection& conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/bignumber_string.cpp	/^void BignumberString::to_conn(Connection& conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:BignumberString
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^void List::to_conn(Connection& conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::to_conn(Connection& conn, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^void Real::to_conn(Connection& conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
to_cpp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^cppValue Object::to_cpp(Storage i) \/\/ NOLINT$/;"	f	class:Object
trace	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage trace = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::trace);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
trace	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int trace = 8;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
trace	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^        static constexpr int trace = 5;$/;"	m	class:Log::Levels
trace_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::trace_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
transpose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int transpose = 16;$/;"	m	class:Monads
transpose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage transpose = Monad::make(Monads::transpose);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
transpose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::transpose_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
triadSinks	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, TriadicSourceFunction> triadSinks;$/;"	m	class:Noun
triadSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization5, TriadicSourceFunction> Noun::triadSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
triadSources	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, TriadicSourceFunction> triadSources;$/;"	m	class:Noun
true0	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::true0() {$/;"	f	class:Noun
true1	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::true1(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
true2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::true2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
truth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/expression.cpp	/^Storage Expression::truth(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Expression
truth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int truth = 21;$/;"	m	class:Monads
truth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage truth = Monad::make(Monads::truth);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
truth_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/conditional.cpp	/^Storage Conditional::truth_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Conditional
truth_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^Storage Symbol::truth_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Symbol
undefined	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/quoted_symbol.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::undefined()$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
undefined	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int undefined = 67;$/;"	m	class:Monads
undefined	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage undefined = Monad::make(Monads::undefined);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
undefined_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/quoted_symbol.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::undefined_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
unequal_array_lengths	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int unequal_array_lengths = UNEQUAL_ARRAY_LENGTHS;$/;"	m	class:Error
unique	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int unique = 17;$/;"	m	class:Monads
unique	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/verbs.h	/^  inline Storage unique = Monad::make(Monads::unique);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
unique_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/list.cpp	/^Storage List::unique_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
unknown_key	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int unknown_key = UNKNOWN_KEY;$/;"	m	class:Error
unsupported_object	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int unsupported_object = UNSUPPORTED_OBJECT;$/;"	m	class:Error
unsupported_subject	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/error.h	/^    static constexpr int unsupported_subject = UNSUPPORTED_SUBJECT;$/;"	m	class:Error
values	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.cpp	/^std::unordered_map<int, Storage> Symbol::values;$/;"	m	class:Symbol	file:
values	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/symbol.h	/^    static std::unordered_map<int, Storage> values;$/;"	m	class:Symbol
variant_cast	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^T variant_cast(const cppValue& value) {$/;"	f
warning	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/effects.h	/^  inline Storage warning = MonadicEffect::make(effects::families::log, effects::log::warning);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
warning	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/log/log_symbols.h	/^  static constexpr int warning = 5;$/;"	m	namespace:effects::log
warning	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.h	/^        static constexpr int warning = 2;$/;"	m	class:Log::Levels
warning_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^Storage Log::warning_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
whileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/adverbs.h	/^  inline Storage whileOne = DyadicAdverb::make(DyadicAdverbs::whileOne);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
whileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int whileOne = 62;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
whileOne_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::whileOne_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g)$/;"	f	class:Noun
write	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamConnection.cpp	/^void IostreamConnection::write(bytes bs) const$/;"	f	class:IostreamConnection
write	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/effects/testing/log/log.cpp	/^void Log::write(const int level, const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Log
write_storage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.cpp	/^void IostreamStorageConnection::write_storage(Storage x)$/;"	f	class:IostreamStorageConnection
x	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  inline Storage x = Word::make(SymbolType::x, NounType::BUILTIN_SYMBOL);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
y	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  inline Storage y = Word::make(SymbolType::y, NounType::BUILTIN_SYMBOL);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
z	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/api.h	/^  inline Storage z = Word::make(SymbolType::z, NounType::BUILTIN_SYMBOL);$/;"	m	namespace:bignumber
zero	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/integer.cpp	/^Storage Integer::zero()$/;"	f	class:Integer
zero	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/libraries/bignumber-cpp/src/nouns/real.cpp	/^Storage Real::zero()$/;"	f	class:Real
~IostreamConnection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamConnection.h	/^    ~IostreamConnection() {}$/;"	f	class:IostreamConnection
~IostreamStorageConnection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/bignumber-cpp/bignumber-stdio/IostreamStorageConnection.h	/^    ~IostreamStorageConnection() {}$/;"	f	class:IostreamStorageConnection
